docs: update contributing.md (#1333)
nrwl/nx-console: CONTRIBUTING.md

We would love for you to contribute to Nx Console! Read this document to see how to do it.

If you're new to vscode extension development, check out the [Extension API](https://code.visualstudio.com/api) docs.

## Got a Question?

> We are trying to keep GitHub issues for bug reports and feature requests. Stack Overflow is a much better place to ask general questions about how to use Nx Console. You can also join the [Nrwl Community Slack](https://nrwlcommunity.slack.com) for help.

Reviewer: Let's use the go link that we control for this link.
```suggestion
We are trying to keep GitHub issues for bug reports and feature requests. Stack Overflow is a much better place to ask general questions about how to use Nx Console. You can also join the [Nrwl Community Slack](https://go.nrwl.io/join-slack?utm_source=nxconsole) for help.
```

## Prerequisites

- Install yarn: https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install
- Run yarn install in the root directory

## Running the Extension locally

> In order to start Nx console in development mode, the repo needs to be built. Running `npm watch` via the CLI or using the command prompt to execute `Tasks: Run Task -> Build and watch Nx Console` will automatically generate build artifacts whenever the code changes. </br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to start Nx console in development mode, the repo needs to be built. Running `yarn watch` via the CLI or using the command prompt to execute `Tasks: Run Task -> Build and watch Nx Console` will automatically generate build artifacts whenever the code changes. </br>
```
